Create testcoverage.rst (#121)
behave/behave-django: docs/testcoverage.rst

Test Coverage

> ====================

Reviewer: Please make the underlining exactly as long as the title text.

You can integrate Coverage.py with behave-django to find out the test coverage of your code.

Dependencies
------------

At First, you should install Coverage.py dependency

.. code-block:: bash

    $ pip install coverage

Environment.py
--------------

> In environment.py , write below code on function before_all to start measuring test coverage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In ``environment.py``, add the code snippet below in the ``before_all`` function to start measuring test coverage:
```

.. code-block:: python

    import coverage

    def before_all(context):
        cov = coverage.Coverage()
        cov.start()

>         context.cov = cov

Reviewer: This looks like code that we could add [to our management command](https://github.com/behave/behave-django/blob/main/behave_django/management/commands/behave.py#L151-L153), doesn't it? – The feature could be activated by a `--coverage` command line switch.

Then write below code to end up measuring test coverage.
You can save the coverage result on html format.

.. code-block:: python

    def after_all(context):
        cov = context.cov
        cov.stop()
        cov.save()

>         cov.html_report(directory="./cov")

Reviewer: Same here: Couldn't we simply integrate that code [in our management command](https://github.com/behave/behave-django/blob/main/behave_django/management/commands/behave.py#L156-L157) and allow our users to activate the feature via a command line switch?

Then, the coverage report should probably not be written to an explicit location. The developer using the feature might want to control this via [coverage settings](https://coverage.readthedocs.io/en/latest/config.html) from the outside.

You can check the test coverage on the web with the following command.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ python -m http.server --directory ./cov
    
Warning for behave-django
--------------------

Internally, the time before_all is executed seems to be later than the time when django loads the modules set in each app.

> So sometimes it is necessary to reload django app's modules for accurate test coverage measurement.

Reviewer: Whoa! Reloading modules. That looks hacky. We should find a proper solution for that problem!

We have [django_ready](https://behave-django.readthedocs.io/en/stable/setup.html) already. The `before_all` should run before that, but it seems that [we actually give Django precedence](https://github.com/behave/behave-django/blob/master/behave_django/environment.py#L114-L115). That might need to be changed. A PR is welcome!

Author: Okay, I'll check the hook.

Like this:

.. code-block:: python

    import inspect
    import importlib
    
    def reload_modules():
      import your_app1
      import your_app2

      for app in [your_app1, your_app2]:
          members = inspect.getmembers(app)
          modules = map(
              lambda keyval: keyval[1],
              filter(lambda keyval: inspect.ismodule(keyval[1]), members),
          )
          for module in modules:
              try:
                  importlib.reload(module)
              except:

>                   continue

Reviewer: This code could be placed in a [coverage module](https://github.com/behave/behave-django/blob/main/behave_django/coverage.py) (`behave_django/coverage.py`) and triggered by _behave-django_'s management command, when needed, as suggested above.

Then, there would be no need to do copy+paste from the documentation to get coverage analysis running with your BDD tests. – What do you think?
